ah
Y
air
definition of the air the air is the mixture
of gases that form the atmosphere
and physical properties of the air despite
of being tasteless painless and colorless
we perceive the air through winds
airplanes and birds in which he floats and
move we also feel its impact on
our body we easily conclude that
the air has real and concrete existence
occupying place in the space that we
surrounds chemical properties reacts with
the temperature condensing on ice to
low temperatures and produces currents
of air is composed of several
elements including oxygen and
carbon dioxide basic elements
for life air components the
clean air components and pure form
one layer approximately 500 thousand
million tons surrounding the
earth its composition is as follows
nitrogen 78.0 3 in volume oxygen 20
points 99 percent in volume dioxide
of carbon 0.03 percent by volume
hydrogen 0.01 percent by volume
Water vapor is somewhat variable
that ozone and have particles
variable air pollution is
the one that occurs as a result of
the emission of toxic substances the
Air pollution can cause
disorders such as burning eyes
and irritation and itching on the nose
throat and lower respiratory problems
certain circumstances some
chemical substances found in the
polluted air can cause cancer
congenital malformations brain damage
and nervous system disorders as well
as lung and pathway injuries
respiratory at a certain level
concentration and after a certain time
of exposure to certain pollutants
air are extremely dangerous and can
cause certain disorders and even the
death of the different components
variables that exist in the different
places you can find elements
that will contaminate the same and these
elements can be carbon monoxide
carbon dioxide chlorofluorocarbons
hazardous air pollutants
lead ozone and so on